docs: clean changelog, update user guides, write developer guide for update to future release (#945)
input-output-hk/partner-chains: docs/developer-guides/sdk-update-v1.7-to-v1.8.0.md

# Migration from v1.7.1 to v1.8.0

## Generic keys

The biggest change in the Partner Chains Toolkit v1.8.0 is the support of generic session keys.
One implication of having the keys generic and not hardcoded is that the toolkit users have to inject some behavior to the toolkit.
This dependency injection required by `partner-chains-cli` create (`wizards` subcommand), and it is done by implementing `PartnerChainRuntime` trait.
Following items have to be defined:

> * `type Keys: MaybeFromCandidateKeys` - should be a type of the chain Runtime keys, this is used for the chain-spec creation, to insert initial committee and validators keys into genesis

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `type Keys: MaybeFromCandidateKeys` - should be the type of the session keys used in the Runtime. This type is used for the chain-spec creation, to insert initial committee and validators keys into genesis.
```

> * `fn key_definitions() -> Vec<KeyDefinition<'static>>` - should define textual information of the `Keys`, this is used in the user interface and for interactions with the substrate CLI keystore commands

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `fn key_definitions() -> Vec<KeyDefinition<'static>>` - should define textual information about `Keys`. This function is used in the user interface and for interactions with the substrate CLI keystore commands.
```
